doc: add link to docker tutorials (#5960)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/install_guides/installing-openvino-docker-windows.md

The Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit quickly deploys applications and solutions that emulate human vision. Based on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), the toolkit extends computer vision (CV) workloads across Intel® hardware, maximizing performance. The Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit includes the Intel® Deep Learning Deployment Toolkit.  

> This guide provides device specific of creation a Docker* image with Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit for Windows* and further usage.

Reviewer: device specific of creation ---> device specifics for a Docker* image creation with Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit for Linux* and its further usage.

> This guide provides device specific of creation a Docker* image with Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit for Windows* and further usage.

Author: ```suggestion
This guide provides device specifics for a Docker* image creation with Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit for Linux* and its further usage.
```
